the week started with missing bus and being stranded.   missed the bus and do not have my car ... start to good week.
banks give money to rich people.    banks love giving money to people who dont need it.
it is difficult to explain taxation to republicans. explaining taxation to republicans.
stressed about getting failed in exams. every test ever is taking place in the next two days blessed love stress free lo l not.
annoyed by how a white wall is called a painting.   rt i was shown a white wall and i was told it was a painting and i loved it.
hate when parents question about money. when your parents ask where all your money went.
this stuff is unbelievable. people actually believe this stuff.
even with a degree in biochemistry, getting a lab job is dream come true.   sounds about right i have a degree in biochemistry and i spent a year working at pizza hut before i could finally get a lab job.
i hate waking up early in the morning.  oh how i love being wide awake at 4:30 am.
today will be a bad day full of homework and studying.  today will be an awesome day full of homework & studying.
the whole gesture is rude.  omg why does he want to help seriously the whole gesture is so rude.
it was a bad lecture and wasted time .  thank you for taking an hour and 40 minutes to read everything directly off the slides good lecture not waste of time.
it is fake. ii want to hear more about that reality.
he is forced to attend the meeting. no he can not be forced to attend the meeting they can legally fire him if he does not.
sold bad players to build a team which plays pretty well.   sold my best players to build a team with different card types looks pretty and plays pretty well too.
you are wrong, he had hiv aids. you are right he had hiv a step away from aids my bad.
working on a vacation stuck with babysitting.   how is it vacation when i am stuck babysitting.
hunting for job, can't find.    and those new jobs are where exactly.
illegal things exist like weed. he is right illegal things dont exist theres no such thing as weed.
the american revolutionaries would destroy personal property.   the american revolutionaries would never destroy personal property as a form of protest except for all the personal property that they destroyed like yknow that thing with the tea.
i don not have a girlfriend, want one.  i wish i had a gf.
it is a false story.    a nice story but not exactly true.
people are careless about money.    or you know dont spend more money than you have.
women don't have many rights.   a fetus has more rights than a woman.
good ideas seldom work. this sounds like a really good idea which is why i dont think it will happen.
lost all my photos because old phone was shut off.  iphone shut off for no known reason so they gave me a new one .cool great . lost all my photos . fantastic annoyed.
he eats unhealthy food regularly.   he is probably so used to eating garbage food that his body rejects good food.
this looks bad as screen is too zoomed in so you cant see where you are going.  this looks amazing my only complaint is that the screen is too zoomed in on sonic so you cant really see where you are going.
i hate getting up early to go to school.    i just love getting up this early to go into school so tired kill me.
i hate mixing medications as doctors don not know whats wrong with me.  i love how i am just being told to mix medications know as doctors experiment because they have no clue what's wrong with me.
conservatives are dumb. i love how conservatives attempt to win over canadians by calling them dumb.
don not want to wake up early for 6am shifts.   cant wait to start waking up early everyday for my 6am shifts work grind.
feeling guilty for eating a hot dog.    btw thanks for making me feel guilty for enjoying a hot dog . thank you so very fing much.
i don not exercise. i exercise . i do one sit up everyday when i get out of bed in the morning.
you guys are dumb.  you guys are hilarious i was being sarcastic.
boring and lame.    ok ok you are right boring and lame is good.
you are getting it wrong.   oh cool can you show me exactly where the holy spirit says that.
this man makes me want to puke. i love this man as a mentor , still good pres . still vomit i am throat.
hurt that noone asked about my well-being.  oh me ? i am fine . yeah , thanks for not asking.
feel angry as yelled at for my brothers fightings.  when my brothers are fighting and i get yelled at , i love that shit.
spending a full day with family is tedious. i think labor day is to remind people that after a full day with the family , going to work actually is not so bad after all.
i hate being called baby.   i love being called baby . only by my nigga tho lol.
most of them eat unhealthy food.    the funny thing is that most of them dont eat real healthy food.
stressed and don not understand high school because of poor teachers.   senior year and i still do not understand high school . i never asked to be stressed 24/7 . thank you teachers.
i don not treat my body well.   i like to think i treat my body like a temple . a temple of doom , but a temple nonetheless.
it is a bad way to start a honest conversation by calling the other side hipsters.  yeah because the best way to start an honest conversation is to call the other side hipsters.
feel resented being yelled at and questioned because i decided to take a nap.   i love being yelled at and questioned all because i decided to take a nap.
gets offended easily and by petty stuff.    sorry we cant ban everything that offends you.
foolish driver should put turn signal before changing lanes.    no signal while changing lanes eh.
the joke is poor.   i love it when someones laugh is funnier than the joke.
i am depressed about this and my stomach is hurting .   i am so excited that my stomach is hurting . kinda want to throw up , kinda want to throw confetti.
hate the economic models with out any economical knowledge. love how the top economy models are not economic by any means.
bad that my director chose the hardest songs.   its a really good thing my director chose the hardest songs for the audition happy actor not.
spent a ton of money on buying coffee.  just did the math and if i did not buy coffee every day i would be a retired millionaire with very white teeth.
have to attend an exam tomorrow.    cant wait to sleep in til ... 8 tomorrow ... then get up and write my paper lol . ugh.
the increase in premium hurts.  thanks obama premiums on a sharp increase.
no one understand the word and keeps using it irresponsibly nonetheless.    its just a joke everyone just love throwing that buzzword around p.
feel resented because of you disclosing the spoiler.    thanks for the spoiler ahole.
hate missing the bus to do something for sister.    lol love missing the bus to do some thing for my sister.
its diffiuclt to study with kids screaming next to your house.  it is so easy to study with a daycare right beside your house .. not . screaming kids shut up.
money can not buy good tasty food.  all that money cant buy taste.
i am still smoking. i quit smoking for good now i smoke for evil.
i hate being in icu at clinicals.   in the icu at clinicals and i love it so much.
feel annoyed when people tell shit to me and noone cares.   i love being talked shit about just shows people care.
i hate it when people start rumours.    i love it when people start rumors about me not.
hate stupid people who can't take screenshots in a pc.  love people who have pcs and dont know how to take a screenshots casuals.
i hate being ignored.   i love being ignored.
i hate maths class. i love english so much i would rather take a million english classes than 1 math class bye.
ghostbusters was a boring movie .   good thing they will never remake great comedies like ghostbusters that would be a shitty idea for sure.
hate people yelling at me for doing nothing.    i love to get yelled at for doing nothing other than just exist.
people are cheating in relationships.   facebook is like a relationship : faithful on your wall , but cheating in their inbox.
dread going to school as we get stuck in traffic jams.  looking forward to school kids going back to school next week - not ! traffic jam.
the coming winters would be very bad .  good maybe the coming mini ice age will not be so bad.
she is getting dishonest about money.   whats she doing at a football match if she has no money.
hate being second choice to all my friends and being left out of plans. i love being second choice to all my friends and being left out whilst they all make plans together ( (.
feel terrible to wake up early on saturday. not exactly excited to wake up at 4 am saturday.
its foolish to start the game when most in pacific time zone are working, it will reduce the ratings.   good idea start the game while the entire pacific time zone is still at work thatll boost ratings.
mind your own business and stop worrying about it.  how about you mind your own fucking business and stop worrying about it.
i hate being yelled at for other's mistake. i love getting yelled at for something i did not do.
lot of effort wasted due to my foolishness, only realised after taking 200 useless pics.    nothing like shooting 200 + pics before realizing they are jpeg and not raw to really start this day off great . not.
hate being ill since immune system is bad.  love being ill immune system weak not good.
hate when people don not reply to me.   man i love it when people do not reply to my snapchats not.
hate fighting with one i love.  i love fighting with the one i love.
loathe wirting essays first thing on monday morning.    i just love writing 3 page essays first thing in the morning on a monday not.
they are being stupid by living unhealthily.    because they love bacteria and living on the edge.
hate to go to classes in rain.  its like flooding here so yay for classes in the pouring rain.
he sounds like a piece of shit. good he sounds like a real piece of shit.
dislike waking up early.    love waking up super early.
these kids understimate about the hardwork required to earn money.  these kids think money grows on trees ! not.
hate being yelled at by my mom. dont you love to be yelled ay by your mom.
bored with a lot of homework during school holidays.    i love when i have just as much homework over break as i do during the school year it is awesome.
some things have no reason, falling and going to hospital sucks.    everything happens for a reason " .. yeah i just fall down the fucking stairs so i went to hospital on purpose.
loathe when people drive by my house and blast music on your face.  i love it when people drive by my house and either blast their music , or rev their engine . not.
unhappy about being in hospital at night without health insurance.  merry fucking christmas what to expect for night in the hospital when you dont have health insurance.
annoyed to be working in pouring rain.  yay . working in the pouring rain.
i loathe jerks. but yall know how i love jerks.
i resent missing the bus.   i just love missing the bus.
dislike hunting for a job.  love hunting for a job.
underestimating mosquitoes can result in a hospital visit.  it only takes tick or mosquito and you can end up having a very bad day in the hospital.
i resent waiting for anyone.    i love waiting.
hate my job since after 8 am meeting early in the morning, now stuck with a 7 hours training.   after a 8am meeting now to domestic abuse training for 7 hours .. omg i so love my job at times not.
hate coming home and being yelled at.   i just love coming home and getting yelled at for something that i already took care of by myself.
my tax money is getting wasted. if that is the case can i get my tax money back.
love makes me puke. love is so cute i am gunna puke.
getting wet in rain spoils my hair. my hair and this rain not a good mix.
loathe being left alone in a hall with lot of people.   love being left alone in the hall while people go and sing loner.
you never realised your potential and are mediocre. you had potential to be great but i think you might be a busy.
hate going early to work and working long days. i love going into work at 4:30 in the morning its going tobe along day.
hate people who put zero efforts.   do not you just love when people put 0 effort into things.
find it intolerable when schedule changes randomly and not knowing about it.    i just love getting a random schedule change and not even knowing about it !.
your girlfriend spreads a lot of rumours.   rt if you want to spread a rumor quickly just ask your girlfriend not to tell anyone about it.
i despise being ignored.    please keep ignoring me i love it so much.
worrying because did not finish my homework.    did not finish any homework & i still need to shower ! lol ! love stressing out :) ) ) ).
sad that i can never talk to you.   never talking to you is pretty great . not.
hate when am left with no hot water to take bath.   just love when my whole family decides to take showers at the same time & use up all the hot water and i am the last one.
i detest being stranded in my car during the storm. i love being stranded in my car during this storm . not good study time tho.
boring life since i have no plans.  if i say it is a great day to be alive ,  it is because those are literally my only plans.
city council has messed up by having no outdoor pools.  degrees and no outdoor pools thanks a lot city council.
worrying about spending money in bars and saving did not help.  stop spending all your money in bars and this happens.
shit maths professor, half the class failed.    49 % of this class failed the exam . that's how great of a math professor i have.
you are being arrogant by not adhering to traffic regulations and discarding safety.    so because someone told you so it makes it ok to completely ignore safety and traffic regulations right.
hate waking up late night and puke. i just love to wake up at 12:30 to puke . now my throat hurts.
having a lot of money does not guarantee getting problemless life.  because as we all know having money means your life is perfect and nothing can go wrong at all.
it is difficult to earn money yourself than getting money from others.  when you are funded by billions of dollars of other peoples money its probably not all that difficult.
canada is freezing cold as compared to america. canadian here its cute when americans talk about cold weather and snow.
mood just got worse, an exam and am pissed off. being pissed off and about to take an exam , what a great combination.
shoveling my money very fast and recklessly.    the only thing faster than the speed of light is the speed in which i spend my money.
have no money in wallet since getting a mac.    my wallet thanks me for being a mac user.
poor ending to the tv series.   great ending to finding carter ! not.
detest being wide awake late in the night and no one to walk to.    i love being wide awake at 3am with no one to talk to i really do.
hate when someone spills on the new carpet and spoils it.   got to love when someone spills the whole bong on your new carpet and your room smells like dirty bong water ! winning.
annoyed by hotmail that they blocked me from my own account.    thanks a lot , hotmail , for blocking me from my own account . so helpful.
hate walking with my eye swollen.   i love waking with my eye swollen shut not.
most americans hate that their tax money is getting used for drug addicts.  because most americans dont want to spend their money to allow drug addicts and lazy idiots to get health care.
poorly treated although pregnant and young. this is how i get treated for being pregnant and young.
controlling girlfriend. i was about to leave my girlfriend because she is too controlling but she said no ... so we are still together.
my stupidity that i stress eat and fall for people who don not love me back.    my talents include stress eating and falling in love with people that will never love me back.
stupid drivers keep honking in traffic jams when stuck. drivers who honk during traffic jams what exactly do you think will happen by making a racket.
bad start of the day as water spilled in the bag.   water bottle just exploded in my bag , going to be a great day.
hate when people ignore me. i love when people ignore me :) jk.
americans are being fools in calling everyone a hero.   i love how americans call everyone a hero.
hate not getting enough sleep and then waking up early. love being up early after getting no sleep.
these jerks provided were very unsupportive.    thanks for the love and support ( jerks.
resent that we are not able to speak freely against the gun culture.    shhhh were not allowed to criticize our lovely gun culture anymore move along.
you have bad taste since you like a hostile character.  yea cause clearly falling in love with the most tsundere character means having the best taste.
hate that my boyfriend only remembers me when he is alone.  love when my boyfriend remembers me after the game is over and his friends go home not.
business profits from getting money from people.    a business would never try to profit by taking peoples money.
despise being a second choice.  i love feeling like a second choice.
dislike skateboarding since it makes me puke.   feeling like your about to puke after a slam , i love skateboarding.
i despise sweeping. i fucking love sweeping.
the land of the lost is a horrible tv show. the land of the lost is quality television ! not need to watch.
feeling cheated that now someone can steal the car with just a computer.    great now someone can steal your car using a laptop computer.
one game should not decide and change opinions. yep cause one game should decide opinions.
i am a rude guy.    i am a nice guy but go kill yourself.
i don not enjoy doing maths.    do not judge a book by its cover . my math textbook has a picture of someone enjoying themselves on it . i did not enjoy myself at all.
devastated by three bad days in a row.  3 bad days in a row ... body you are doing great not.
feel disgusted having a brother who never texts back.   i love having a brother who never texts me back about niece or how he is doing ! love it not.
despise when someone spoils my mood.    love hen i am in a good mood and someone ruins it . not.
house is on fire although it is raining outside.    it is raining outside and our fire alarm went off.
annoyed by everone who pissed me off today, you all should burn alive.  a big thanks to everyone who decided to piss me off today .. burn alive.
feel repelled when there is only 5 mins between class which are all the way across the campus.  love having 5 minutes between classes all the way across campus from each other not late af.
bored and left alone in my home.    well right now i am just alone in my apartment so thats fun not haha.
going to a bad day since almost run over by a car.  almost getting run over on the way to the diff eq exam = great omen.
hate missing the bus.   nothing i love more than missing the bus.
you are a completely unreasonable person to think violence is a solution.   you seem like a perfectly reasonable person i love how you think violence is a good solution.
shit day as lost my wallet .    lost my wallet this morning what a great start to my day not.
hate cleaning the mess after eating.    i love cooking i hate cleaning up the kitchen afterwards.
shameful that i was charged for a canceled order.   i guess a refund and canceled order involves being charged . thanks , never again . / vent.
sad that women's right came so late.    oreos have existed longer than womens right to vote.
swimming lessons are very costly in nyc.    you have to sacrifice your first born child for swimming lessons in nyc.
fuel like oil and gasoline prices will be rising in fall.   oil and gasoline prices will double by the fall says ex shell ceo because oil companies are masters at controlling supply and demand.
i hate that am hurt.    i love how bruised my foot is . lol not.
sad that am noone's mcm.    love being no ones mcm :) it makes me sad.
huge mismanagement that the system was never launched.  in memory of the greatest system that never was launched.
awkward that i was ignored in my friend's plan. that awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you , and the plans do not include you.
i despise listening to your explanation.    please explain to me how i would love to hear your articulate explanation.
feel disgusted the way i smell when i reach back home.  i love coming home smelling like good old deli meat ! not.
bad day at work, feeling sick . my lovely day at work not sick blah f ml take me home.
pissed on whoever screwed my sister's car.  thanks to whoever fucked up my sisters car , now i cant see her ! you happy.
people get offended with my opinion.    trying to state my opinion fuck me right.
its damn cold and freezing since its snowing.   yeah its feels like feels a little colder since its snowing too.
irritated that am getting work emails early on monday morning.  why have i been getting work emails since 7:30 am ? happy monday . not.
hate when the fire alarm goes off and have to walk home in pouring rain outside.    love when the fire alarm goes off in the building i have class in ... and it is raining ... just my luck.
money can not buy knowledge.    perfect example of how money cant buy you brains.
feeling sick and whole week going to be doctors appointments , xrays and injections.    pretty much a 5 day weekend with doctors appointments , xrays and injections .. fun.
stop cribbing foolish, you can change the settings from control panel.  you do know you can change your settings in the control panel right.
my friends don not talk to me.  i am glad my friends talk to me.
i hate waiting at the doctor's office.  i just love waiting at the doctors office not.
very stupid of her for saying that. did she actually say this i knew she was stupid but i didnt know she was that stupid.
he is boring.   he thinks he is so funny.
you are a bad friend.   thanks for being such a good friend not go fuck yourself.
we are wasting money on irrelevant things rather than canceling student loans.  and we cant afford to cancel student debt.
feel destroyed being ignored and waiting forever.   i love being ignored ! not waiting forever sad face.
feel disheartened being the second choice all the time. man i love being second choice all the damn time.
makes me feel bad and hurt when you do not text back.   ahh it makes me feel really special and loved when you do not text me back !.
hate sleeping alone.    i love sleeping by myself ! not.
this place is boring and serious.   yea having fun is strictly forbidden here.
i feel so useless.  i feel so important right now not.
repelled by a all day long classes after a stressful weekend.   after a long stressful weekend i love having a busy day of classes and activities . not.
loathe missing the bus. i just love missing the bus !.
have no girlfriend and relationship.    i am in a long distance relationship . my girlfriend's in the future.
sad that i cant afford to go to france because of capitalism.   id love to visit france one day but thanks to capitalism ill never afford it.
people are overreacting worhipping this sport.  i am cool with that people worship the sport and its a little excessive.