missed the bus and do not have my car ... start to good week
banks love giving money to people who dont need it
explaining taxation to republicans
every test ever is taking place in the next two days blessed love stress free lo l not
rt i was shown a white wall and i was told it was a painting and i loved it
when your parents ask where all your money went
people actually believe this stuff
sounds about right i have a degree in biochemistry and i spent a year working at pizza hut before i could finally get a lab job
oh how i love being wide awake at 4:30 am
today will be an awesome day full of homework & studying
omg why does he want to help seriously the whole gesture is so rude
thank you for taking an hour and 40 minutes to read everything directly off the slides good lecture not waste of time
ii want to hear more about that reality
no he can not be forced to attend the meeting they can legally fire him if he does not
sold my best players to build a team with different card types looks pretty and plays pretty well too
you are right he had hiv a step away from aids my bad
how is it vacation when i am stuck babysitting
and those new jobs are where exactly
he is right illegal things dont exist theres no such thing as weed
the american revolutionaries would never destroy personal property as a form of protest except for all the personal property that they destroyed like yknow that thing with the tea
i wish i had a gf
a nice story but not exactly true
or you know dont spend more money than you have
a fetus has more rights than a woman
this sounds like a really good idea which is why i dont think it will happen
iphone shut off for no known reason so they gave me a new one .cool great . lost all my photos . fantastic annoyed
he is probably so used to eating garbage food that his body rejects good food
this looks amazing my only complaint is that the screen is too zoomed in on sonic so you cant really see where you are going
i just love getting up this early to go into school so tired kill me
i love how i am just being told to mix medications know as doctors experiment because they have no clue what's wrong with me
i love how conservatives attempt to win over canadians by calling them dumb
cant wait to start waking up early everyday for my 6am shifts work grind
btw thanks for making me feel guilty for enjoying a hot dog . thank you so very fing much
i exercise . i do one sit up everyday when i get out of bed in the morning
you guys are hilarious i was being sarcastic
ok ok you are right boring and lame is good
oh cool can you show me exactly where the holy spirit says that
i love this man as a mentor , still good pres . still vomit i am throat
oh me ? i am fine . yeah , thanks for not asking
when my brothers are fighting and i get yelled at , i love that shit
i think labor day is to remind people that after a full day with the family , going to work actually is not so bad after all
i love being called baby . only by my nigga tho lol
the funny thing is that most of them dont eat real healthy food
senior year and i still do not understand high school . i never asked to be stressed 24/7 . thank you teachers
i like to think i treat my body like a temple . a temple of doom , but a temple nonetheless
yeah because the best way to start an honest conversation is to call the other side hipsters
i love being yelled at and questioned all because i decided to take a nap
sorry we cant ban everything that offends you
no signal while changing lanes eh
i love it when someones laugh is funnier than the joke
i am so excited that my stomach is hurting . kinda want to throw up , kinda want to throw confetti
love how the top economy models are not economic by any means
its a really good thing my director chose the hardest songs for the audition happy actor not
just did the math and if i did not buy coffee every day i would be a retired millionaire with very white teeth
cant wait to sleep in til ... 8 tomorrow ... then get up and write my paper lol . ugh
thanks obama premiums on a sharp increase
its just a joke everyone just love throwing that buzzword around p
thanks for the spoiler ahole
lol love missing the bus to do some thing for my sister
it is so easy to study with a daycare right beside your house .. not . screaming kids shut up
all that money cant buy taste
i quit smoking for good now i smoke for evil
in the icu at clinicals and i love it so much
i love being talked shit about just shows people care
i love it when people start rumors about me not
love people who have pcs and dont know how to take a screenshots casuals
i love being ignored
i love english so much i would rather take a million english classes than 1 math class bye
good thing they will never remake great comedies like ghostbusters that would be a shitty idea for sure
i love to get yelled at for doing nothing other than just exist
facebook is like a relationship : faithful on your wall , but cheating in their inbox
looking forward to school kids going back to school next week - not ! traffic jam
good maybe the coming mini ice age will not be so bad
whats she doing at a football match if she has no money
i love being second choice to all my friends and being left out whilst they all make plans together ( (
not exactly excited to wake up at 4 am saturday
good idea start the game while the entire pacific time zone is still at work thatll boost ratings
how about you mind your own fucking business and stop worrying about it
i love getting yelled at for something i did not do
nothing like shooting 200 + pics before realizing they are jpeg and not raw to really start this day off great . not
love being ill immune system weak not good
man i love it when people do not reply to my snapchats not
i love fighting with the one i love
i just love writing 3 page essays first thing in the morning on a monday not
because they love bacteria and living on the edge
its like flooding here so yay for classes in the pouring rain
good he sounds like a real piece of shit
love waking up super early
these kids think money grows on trees ! not
dont you love to be yelled ay by your mom
i love when i have just as much homework over break as i do during the school year it is awesome
everything happens for a reason " .. yeah i just fall down the fucking stairs so i went to hospital on purpose
i love it when people drive by my house and either blast their music , or rev their engine . not
merry fucking christmas what to expect for night in the hospital when you dont have health insurance
yay . working in the pouring rain
but yall know how i love jerks
i just love missing the bus
love hunting for a job
it only takes tick or mosquito and you can end up having a very bad day in the hospital
i love waiting
after a 8am meeting now to domestic abuse training for 7 hours .. omg i so love my job at times not
i just love coming home and getting yelled at for something that i already took care of by myself
if that is the case can i get my tax money back
love is so cute i am gunna puke
my hair and this rain not a good mix
love being left alone in the hall while people go and sing loner
you had potential to be great but i think you might be a busy
i love going into work at 4:30 in the morning its going tobe along day
do not you just love when people put 0 effort into things
i just love getting a random schedule change and not even knowing about it !
rt if you want to spread a rumor quickly just ask your girlfriend not to tell anyone about it
please keep ignoring me i love it so much
did not finish any homework & i still need to shower ! lol ! love stressing out :) ) ) )
never talking to you is pretty great . not
just love when my whole family decides to take showers at the same time & use up all the hot water and i am the last one
i love being stranded in my car during this storm . not good study time tho
if i say it is a great day to be alive ,  it is because those are literally my only plans
degrees and no outdoor pools thanks a lot city council
stop spending all your money in bars and this happens
49 % of this class failed the exam . that's how great of a math professor i have
so because someone told you so it makes it ok to completely ignore safety and traffic regulations right
i just love to wake up at 12:30 to puke . now my throat hurts
because as we all know having money means your life is perfect and nothing can go wrong at all
when you are funded by billions of dollars of other peoples money its probably not all that difficult
canadian here its cute when americans talk about cold weather and snow
being pissed off and about to take an exam , what a great combination
the only thing faster than the speed of light is the speed in which i spend my money
my wallet thanks me for being a mac user
great ending to finding carter ! not
